TOPIC:     How Graduate Computing  Students  Search When Using an Unfamiliar Programming Language 

AUTHERS:     Gina R.Bai North Carolina State University Raleigh,NC,USA rbai2@ncsu.edu
                 Joshu Kayani North Carolina State University Raleigh,NC,USA jkayani@ncsu.ed
                 Kathryn T.Stolee North Carolina State University Raleigh,NC,USA ktstolee@ncsu.edu

REFERENCE:      Gina R. Bai, Joshua Kayani, and Kathryn T. Stolee. 2020. How Graduate                                          Computing Students Search When Using an Unfamiliar Programming Language.In 28th International                      Conference   on Program Comprehension (ICPC ’20), October 5–6, 2020, Seoul, Republic of                                     Korea..ACM,NewYork,NY,USA, 12pages.https://doi.org/10.1145/3387904.3389274

INTRODUCTION: there is many languages which was spoken and understand by human but when human human waant to communicate with copmputer what is te way?the only way is MACHINE LANGUAGE because computer can only understand machine language and machine language is a set of 0s and 1s it is also called binary language.initially computer only understand machine or binary language but in 2nd generation of computer high level languages was developed to communicate with computer and with the improvement in computer many comuter languages was develop to make way easy to communicate with computer . There is many students who interst in learning computer programming languages like c++,java,assembly language ,python,database etc.in programming language we write a programe to give our message to computer .A program is a set of instructions or statements for directing the computer to perform a required data-processing task.
Software is often written using multiple programming languages ,which expects the developers to master multiple programming languages.Recentresearch has shown that knowledge of one language can interfere with learning a new language  Developers and computing students are usually expected to master multiple programming languages. To learn a new language, developers often turn to online search to find information and code examples learning a new language,developers use anopportunistic learning strategy,relating concepts in a new language to their previous languages  .As the terminology between languages often differs drastically,this makes code searche specially difficult. Yet,developers frequently turning to code search to find code examples to learn from and improve their productivity during development activities 
Suppose a Computer Science student gets an internship at a bank. Their team manager is happy that they have several years of programming experience, and expects them to program with Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) and create macros in spreadsheets.However,the student has never been taught VBA at school,and now they have to learn this new language on their own.
The intern gets their first task, and decides to search online for how to perform it in VBA, but the keywords are specific to the language they know,such as “dictionary” from Java paired with their new context,VBA.This leads to results that are either in VBA but with information not relevant to the task at hand,or results in Java that are relevant,but in the wrong language..Approximately 50% of queries that precede clicks on documentation or tutorials successfully solved the problem.Students frequently borrowed terms from languages with which they are familiar when searching for examples in an unfamiliar language,but term borrowing did not impede search success.Edit distances between reformulated queries and non-reformulated queries were nearly the same.These result shave implications for code search research,especially on reformulation, and for research on supporting programmers when learning a new language.



RESULT:   Programming languages is the only way to communicate with computer there are way many computer languages which was used to communicate with computer like c++,jave assembly language,cobal etc.every language has their own syntax ,code and terminologies which makes language differ from other language.
many students can have command on only one language which they seen easy but suppose  when computer science or developer students get a job in  a bank the team manger  happy that they have several years of programming experience, and expects them to program with unfaamiliar language ,however the student has never been taught this language at school,and now they have to learn this new language on their own.
this make difficulties to understand a new language the students use many resourses to understand this language student search this language basic tutorials  and code examples. Search success in this study was associated with consulting official documentation and tutorials rather than on Q&A sites (e.g., Stack Overflow). Additionally, mapping the context in an unfamiliar languages to previous knowledge in a familiar language,and borrowing the corresponding terms,also led to search success. Lastly,natural language phrases were more associated with success than coding shortcuts.
so we have command in any one language but we have to learn or have interst in other  languages too.